Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Mom!
Lauren!
- Mom!
- Lauren!
Lauren!
Lauren?
Honey. are you awake?
Hey.
I'm sorry. Did I wake you?
I just...
I don't know how long
I can take it anymore.
When can I finally see you?
Are you kidding me?
Sweet Rose has
the best ice cream for sure.
Are you crazy. Lauren?
You and dad only like
Sweet Rose
because they had that
gross pickle-flavored ice cream.
What was it called?
-Number 23. The Big Dill.
-Ew.
Okay.
don't be hating just because
you have basic taste.
Miss Vanilla.
Ah!
Ouch.
Lauren. be careful.
Okay. Sorry.
It's not my fault
you're so tender-headed.
Okay. my scalp
was just out of practice.
I mean. Mom's too busy.
and there's not
a braiding shop for. like.
a hundred miles
of this lame town.
You still not vibing
with Blue Valley?
Um. I'm not in college
having fun like you are.
I'm stuck here with Mom.
and all I do is school.
homework. and sleep
like a little no-fun robot.
You haven't made any friends?
With who?
The meatheads or Future Farmers
at Blue Valley High?
You have to try. Marley.
Trust me. it gets worse
if you isolate yourself.
Who is spamming your phone?
Is it a secret boyfriend?
Maybe a sworn mortal enemy?
Girl. mind your business.
It is no one. okay?
Lauren. you don't have to hide
anything from me. you know?
I just want
to make sure you're okay.
Hey. I'mthe big sister.
Supposed to worry about
if you're okay. not vice versa.
Okay. Peanut?
Ooh. mm-mm.
Fine. fine. but do not
call me Peanut. I'm 15.
I don't care
if you're 15 or however old.
You're still gonna always be
my little. little Peanut.
When do you go back to school?
Soon? I hope so.
All right.
let me snap a picture.
I'm gonna post it tonight
for. uh. #styleitSaturdays.
Okay.
Um...
-Here. let's just take a selfie.
-Okay.
Lauren. smile.
- Aren't you happy?
- Yes.
Breakfast!
Okay. Wait. do you smell that?
I do.
I'll race you to it.
Okay.
I'm right behind you.
Girls! Hello? Breakfast!
I'm coming.
Hey. hey. hey!
No running in my kitchen.
I did not raise
a pack of animals.
Oh! These braids are beautiful.
You did this. Lauren?
-It's no biggie.
-Oh. it's no biggie.
Well. I...appreciate it.
Okay. Mom.
Oh. my girls
are growing up too fast.
You know. not long ago.
I couldn't pay you to sit still
long enough for braids.
I don't know how I raised
these tender-headed children.
Huh.
Pot...meet kettle.
Shut it. Peanut.
Look at all of us together.
I love it.
It's nice to have you home
for the weekend. Lauren.
Yeah. I'm happy I'm here. too.
Although I did think that
since you're just 20 minutes
up the road. that we get
to see you a little more often.
Sorry.
I just have a lot going on.
Like what? I want to know.
I want to know everything
that's going on at school.
Why don't you tell me
about your new job first?
How is it being VP?
It's good.
I mean. it's a lot. but...good.
Was it worth
moving across the country?
I think we all needed
a fresh start
after Dad passed away.
Yeah. You know. I thought the VP
was supposed to be a step up.
They have you doing your job
and. like. five others.
I know. I am just
trying to do what I got to do.
Enough about me.
Lauren.
I want to know everything
that's going on in college.
Can we talk about it later?
Why can't we talk about it now?
I just don't want
to talk about it now.
Uh. you know. these potatoes
look really nice. Mom.
The bacon looks good.
You even have eggs.
Why are you avoiding
talking about school?
Is there a problem?
I'm just...
I'm really unhappy there.
That's news to me.
Are your grades dropping?
-I knew you would act like that.
-Okay. guys. we cannot--
Act like what?
I'm just trying to understand.
Are you saying
that you want to switch schools?
No. Mom. I'm saying
that I want to drop out.
Uh-oh.
Marley. go to your room.
-Mom.
-Go to your room.
Well...
Absolutely not.
You're not even listening to me.
Oh. I hear you.
You want to throw your life
away and drop out of school?
Okay. that's not fair. Mom.
You know what's not fair?
The time. the money.
I mean. all the effort to
prepare you for the Ivy League.
And no one asked you
to do any of that.
Mom. I'm trying to tell you.
I think I'm depressed.
You don't look depressed to me.
Well. maybe you're seeing
whatever youwanna see.
I can't focus in school.
I'm always tired.
I just...feel empty.
Okay. Lauren. baby. I know
this is a tough transition.
but when I was your age.
I was too busy supporting myself
through college
to feel depressed.
Okay. so because
you had a rough childhood.
I'm not supposed
to feel anything?
Oh. my God. Your generation
is obsessed with feelings.
If you're overwhelmed.
just come home.
If I was to stay here.
I'd go crazy.
So what do you think.
I'm running a torture chamber?
Do you know
how good you have it?
You have a beautiful home
with a family that loves you.
Mom. I can't keep up
with this fake orange juice
Life commercial thing
that you're trying to live.
It's bullshit.
I am so glad your father
isn't here to see this.
He would be so disappointed.
Lauren. I didn't mean that.
I-I didn't mean that. babe.
You're leaving early?
I can't be around here
right now.
M-Maybe we can talk about it.
I'll see you later. Peanut.
okay?
You've reached Lauren.
I'm not here.
Leave a message.
Lauren. it's Mom.
This radio silence has gone
too long. Call me back.
Please?
Blue Valley. Texas.
is home for today's best music.
94.7. In national news.
missing 18-year-old Oregon girl
Jessica Russo
has not been seen
for several days.
Reports say
she was last seen--
Hey. I was listening to that.
I have to focus.
I'm stressed
about this chem exam today.
No reason to be stressed if you
had studied hard enough. right?
And I've seen
you working your butt off.
Yeah. but now that I hit
the social outcast jackpot.
being both the new kid
and the vice principal's
daughter.
Mom. academic excellence
is all I have.
You got an "A"-minus
on the last exam.
"A"-plus is excellent.
Good morning. Blue Valley High.
It's Principal Shepherd here.
your biggest cheerleader.
It's another beautiful day.
another chance
to academically excel.
And I want to
say good luck to all of you
taking the state placement exam
this morning.
We believe in you. We know
you can do it. Go. Tigers!
Stop.
Bitch.
Hey. Slow down!
Stop running.
Mr. Guilford.
No hoodies.
Enough. you two.
Hands and tongues to ourselves.
Hey. yo. hit me.
Hey!
-Whoops.
-What did I do to you. Josh?
I'm not gonna let you cheat off
of me because you didn't study.
I don't like people like you.
What does that mean?
You think you're better
than everyone
just 'cause you're
the vice principal's daughter?
No. I don't. I literally just...
Oh. my God.
Mr. Whelan.
What do you think you're doing?
It was an accident.
Are you planning to apologize?
Sorry. Marley. Can I go?
Yes.
to the principal's office. Now.
What is this that Josh
is trying to cheat off of you?
Don't freak out. Mom. I got it.
My daughter hides the fact that
she's being bullied in school?
I think I can freak out
a little.
I'm just doing what
you taught us--grin and bear it.
Ahem.
Hey. Cheryl.
Hi.
I have the. uh. minutes
from the PTA meeting
from last week.
Ah. great. Thank you.
We have three teachers
on maternity leave.
so I took the liberty
of rearranging
the detention monitor schedules.
Great. Great. Thanks.
No idea what we'd do without you
if you hadn't showed up here.
Um. Principal Shepherd.
have you had a chance
to speak with. uh. Josh Whelan?
Uh. yeah. it looks like
it was just some sort of
miscommunication. I guess.
I saw him knock the books
out of my daughter's hand
because she wouldn't
let him cheat off of her.
Well. you know. he assured me
that it was an accident.
This is actually
the first thing I'm hearing
about anything
about cheating. Cheryl.
Respectfully. sir.
he's lying to you.
and you and I both know
that his behavior
is against the code of conduct.
Where the hell are the forms for
the district? I can't find 'em.
Bottom right drawer.
Oh. Okay. Here we go.
Perfect. Thank you.
Look. Cheryl.
I have known this young man
and his family for years.
These are good people.
I don't doubt that. but I--
And I don't need to tell you
that the school is basically
running on fumes. you know?
The school district is
looking down our throats.
and I-I don't think
we need to provoke them now
with accusations about cheating
and bullying and...
Hang on one sec.
Hello? Hey. uh.
Superintendent Richards.
Thank you so much for calling.
Yeah. No. I have the forms.
I'm just--Hold--
Can you hold up one sec?
Could you--
Cheryl. do you mind?
I just need a second.
Thank you. Yeah. So. I'm sorry.
Yeah. I'm--
I'm working on it right now.
...The boyfriend
of missing Oregon teenager
Jessica Russo
has become the target of
substantial online harassment.
That behavior is
leading a lot of people
on social media to...
I heard about this on the radio.
Turn up the volume.
Family and friends of Jessica
and also volunteers
all around the country
pursue leads and also try
to spread awareness.
Rogers. the last person
to have seen her alive.
is refusing to do interviews.
We believe someone
took our angel. Jessica.
I-I just keep replaying what
she said to me before she left.
"I love you. Mom."
Oh. God.
That poor family.
Can you imagine
if that was your child?
Absolutely not.
...around the clock
with this search.
Hey. are you okay over there?
Um...yeah. it's nothing.
I had a little argument
with my eldest.
Didn't end well?
She hasn't returned my call
in two days or texts.
which isn't like her.
even when she's pissed at Mom.
Listen. when our son
went to college.
well. we didn't hear from him
for months at a clip...
unless he needed. um. pizza
or beer money. of course.
Of course.
So. you know.
it's natural to worry. Cheryl.
Just...don't make yourself sick
about it.
You're right.
Thank you. Susan.
We have been searching
since about 6:00.
It's your girl. Lauren.
and today I am naming
my top five favorite hairstyles.
To start off. you know.
we have to do the pigtails.
which is what I'm wearing
right now with my curly hair.
Second up. we--
I guess I didn't make it
to #Saturdaystyles.
Hey. Why are you on your phone
when you're supposed
to be doing your chores?
This is why Lauren left.
Excuse me?
I said.
maybe if you weren't so aggro.
Lauren wouldn't have left early.
I didn't force Lauren to leave.
No. but you chased her away.
and now she won't
even talk to me.
You haven't heard from her
since she left?
Negative.
Has she posted anything online?
No.
She even missed
#MondayMotivation.
I think she's really upset.
I'll be right back.
I got to make a phone call.
I didn't realize you hadn't
spoken to her in months.
Okay.
Best of luck with school.
Destiny.
Hi. It's Cheryl.
Have you spoken to Lauren?
No. everything is good.
Hi. It's Cheryl. Oh. you haven't
spoken to her in a few days.
Yeah. we're--we're loving
the new town.
Oh. you haven't spoken to her
in a day or two.
Just having
a hard time reaching her.
Yeah?
Who's this?
You called me.
I'm Cheryl Baker.
I-I found your number in
my daughter Lauren's call log.
This is Eddie Brick. I manage
the coffee shop at Canning.
Where she works.
Worked.
What do you mean?
She hasn't shown up
in a few days.
In fact. if you talk to her.
let her know she doesn't
need to bother coming back.
She's fired.
Wait. why are we at Canning?
I want to go check in on Lauren.
Stay in the car. okay?
Okay.
Lauren. it's Mom!
Lauren?
Can I help you?
Hi. I'm Lauren's mom. I think
we met briefly at move-in day.
Oh. right.
Um. I haven't been able
to reach her.
Have you heard from her today?
Uh...no. she hasn't been here
since I got back yesterday.
I figured she was
still visiting home.
Is everything okay?
I think my daughter's missing.
Oh. we've been here all night.
What are they looking for?
Any clue that will
tell us where Lauren went.
Did you find anything?
Well. there's no signs
of forced entry.
There's a bag missing
with some clothes.
her computer. and her phone.
Otherwise. it seems as if
your daughter left voluntarily.
That doesn't make sense.
I mean. she would have
called us and let us know.
and all of a sudden
her phone is off?
Look. I've seen this before.
Students get overwhelmed.
They skip out for a couple days.
and then they come back.
Not my daughter.
I mean. maybe other students.
but not my daughter.
She wouldn't run away.
She wouldn't.
Yeah. well. I spoke
with her roommate. Annie.
who said
that your daughter has been
exhibiting strange behavior
lately. been skipping school.
Did you know that
about your daughter?
No.
-No.
-I wasn't aware.
Look. I know this isn't easy
to hear.
but there is no need to panic.
Chances are
your daughter's going to show up
in a couple days
in your doorstep
with a bag of dirty laundry.
So then what?
Do we just wait to see if
my sister's actually missing?
I thought the first 48 hours
are supposed to be
the most important.
Marley. I'm sorry.
It's been a long night.
Look. we put a BOLO
out on your sister. okay?
If I hear anything.
I'll let you know.
Thanks.
Hello?
Okay. Well. you said previously
that Lauren
was home for the weekend.
but she left early.
Why is that?
We...had an argument.
but she said she was heading
right back to school.
Were you able to find out
if that's true?
An argument.
Um. yes. There is surveillance
footage of her leaving campus.
Um. problem is. it goes cold
once she gets right off campus.
Now. Lauren took both
her phone and her computer.
Do you guys have passwords
or access to her social media?
No.
But you can subpoena
the social media companies
to get her data. right?
We can.
It takes about two to four weeks
to ever hear back.
and if there isn't
sufficient cause.
then we won't get it.
And in this case.
there really isn't.
Um...trying to do some
background on your daughter.
Does she have any history
of prior disappearances...
-No.
-...or drugs
or any close cases?
No! And--and--No.
Detective.
are you trying to figure out
if my daughter is a criminal
or if a crime occurred here?
I'm--I'm just trying to get
my facts straight. ma'am.
That's it.
Okay. well.
Ms. Baker. the truth is.
we've got
no evidence of foul play.
and Lauren is an adult.
Detective. she's 18.
And. um. she voluntarily
left her college campus.
There's no crime there.
What about. uh. a search party
to check the woods
behind the college. or--
That's a great idea. That's
been very effective in the past.
Unfortunately. we don't
have the resources for that.
But if you could get
some volunteers together.
put up some flyers. get involved
in social media. be a huge help.
Volunteers have spread out.
- Jessica.
- Jessica Russo.
As volunteers
from across the nation gather.
the FBI now believes
that Jessica Russo
may have been abducted
by a potential serial killer
who is showing
a similar pattern of killings
to the infamous serial killer
Ted Bundy.
and that suspect is
believed to be responsible
for three murders
across the Pacific Northwest.
Lauren!
Lauren?!
It's Detective Dean.
I'm unavailable right now.
Please leave a--
I've been following this
Jessica Russo disappearance.
but you just never think
it's actually going to be
ever in your own backyard.
I mean. I don't know.
They seem like nice family.
Cheryl. we were
just saying how sorry we are
that you have
to go through all of this.
I made an announcement
at church.
and everyone's praying
for Lauren.
Word's going to get out there.
Excuse me.
And when it does. I bet
that her face will be plastered
all over the TV screen
just like Jessica Russo's.
Cheryl?
Are you okay?
Next up.
I don't need to tell you.
This Jessica Russo case
has been a ratings knockout.
So as a result. no shocker.
National wants every station
covering. running--
Sorry. Sorry. Russ.
Oh. excuse me.
Jessica. Jessica. Jessica 24/7.
Too much is not enough.
Elisa.
how kind of you to join us.
Sorry.
A school drop-off is literally
my ninth circle of hell.
And it looks like you got
a little gift there as a bonus.
Awesome.
Next up.
the station has received
approximately 35 calls
from a local mom
whose daughter is MIA.
How old is the kid?
She's not a kid.
She's a student at Canning.
Now. I've looked into this.
There's no story here.
Plus. we've already
got our hands filled
with one missing girl already.
However.
some lucky winner here today
is going to be the one to call
and let the mom down gently.
Wow. So busy with your pad.
Oh. these two.
solving world problems.
Nothing from them...
leaving Miss Punctual herself.
Elisa.
will you do me the honor?
-Sure.
-Thank you very much.
All right. everybody.
get back to work. Come on.
News waits for no one.
So your daughter's been missing
just over a week?
Yeah. and it's been a nightmare.
I can't even get in touch
with the detective
that's assigned to her case.
I mean. the cops
called my sister a runaway.
like that makes her
not worth their time.
What can you tell me
about Lauren?
Did she have any personal
problems leading up to this?
My husband died last year.
Coronary heart disease.
His death has been tough
on the girls.
Lauren has struggled in school.
She's acted out a bit.
but she has never
and would neverrun away.
I have to ask. considering what
your family has been through.
Did Lauren show any signs
of suicidal ideation?
No. It could never
have gotten that bad. I...
I would have seen something.
Would you?
You don't...
You don't take a computer
if you're going to.
My gut tells me
that my daughter is out there.
I believe you.
And we would be happy
to run Lauren's photo
in the 5:00 local news roundup.
That's it?
I thought you were taking notes
to maybe do a story
or something.
No. it's to see if there is
a story.
But look. if I'm being honest
with you. there--
there's just not much here.
The police--they found no signs
of forcible abduction.
So until my daughter is
murdered. she's not newsworthy.
Unless salient details emerge.
there is no story
for me to report.
Elisa. phone call.
I am really sorry.
Why does nobody care?
We're going to find her.
"Netsleuths.com.
Netsleuths.
Amateur crime solvers"?
"Please...help me
find...my sister."
Have you seen my daughter?
Hey. guys.
H-Have you seen...
Have you seen my daughter?
Do you know Lauren?
If you see her...
Come on. Tina.
Don't you want to
see a movie with me?
Huh? Just one little
itty-bitty date?
Just one casual date. huh?
Welcome to Canning Café.
Hey. what can we get for you?
I'm looking for information
about my daughter. Lauren Baker.
Right. We--We spoke before.
Look. I already told the cops
everything I know.
Which is?
Your daughter was
always showing up to work late.
making up excuses.
Then last week. she stopped
showing up altogether.
Really screwed me
during rush hour.
That eye looks pretty painful.
Did you get in an accident?
It's nothing. It fell.
Hey there.
Welcome to Canning Café.
Uh. look.
I got to get back to work.
Hope Lauren turns up. okay?
Um...
Excuse me.
Did you know Lauren?
We were only work friends
or maybe...
allies in the trenches.
Hey. Tina. I need
a double caramel macchiato.
like. today. please.
He's off in 30 minutes
if you want to meet outside.
Yes.
Thank you.
-Mrs. Baker?
-Cheryl. Thanks for meeting me.
Is it true no one's heard
from Lauren in over a week?
Unfortunately. yes.
You said you and Lauren
were allies in the trenches.
What did you mean?
Uh...it means Eddie. our boss.
is a real jerk.
especially if you have boobs.
He harasses the girls?
I guess technically.
it's harassment.
I think of him more like
a little fly buzzing
in your ear.
It's annoying. but harmless.
You think Eddie has something to
do with Lauren's disappearance?
Maybe.
But turns out there's a lot
about my daughter
that I didn't know.
Truthfully. Eddie's a sleaze.
but he's all bark.
I can't imagine
he would actually hurt someone.
Thanks.
There is one person you might
want to look into. though.
Uh. a stuck-up roommate.
What's her name?
-Annie?
-That's it.
If I had to put money on
who might actually harm Lauren.
It'd be Annie.
Thanks.
- Hi.
- I've left you a dozen messages.
Yeah. I've been
meaning to call you.
It's been
such a crazy news week.
My daughter's news.
She's local news.
Meanwhile. you have
round-the-clock coverage
of some girl lost in Oregon.
National wants all affiliates
focused on Jessica Russo.
Well.
while no one's making progress
on my daughter's case.
I found two potential suspects.
Did you bring this
to the police?
Yeah. I tried. but they never
returned my calls.
Eddie Brick.
Lauren's coworker said
that he has a history
of sexually harassing the girls
that work there.
and when I spoke to him--
Whoa. you spoke
to a possible suspect?
That could be dangerous.
My daughter is missing.
What should I do?
Sit back and--and knit?
Lauren's roommate. Annie Dolan.
According to the coworker.
there's been
some bullying going on.
Okay. Uh...
Can you be more specific?
Like. what kind of bullying
are we talking about?
She didn't give me any details.
but apparently the situation
has gotten really bad.
Mrs. Baker.
I know that you think
that I've been ignoring you.
but I-I did speak to the police.
You did?
Yes.
And the statements that
Mr. Brick and Miss Dolan gave
did not provoke any suspicion.
Do you have proof
that your daughter
was being sexually harassed
and bullied?
No. but that shouldn't--
I-I-I do want to help you.
I swear I do.
But I cannot call people
suspects on live TV
based on hearsay.
Does that make sense?
Are you a mom?
Yeah. Um...
This is....my son Gabriel.
He's 6?
Yeah. he just turned.
Good guess.
For 20 years. I've watched
school drop-off and pick-up.
from preschoolers
to high schoolers.
You know the one thing
that never changes?
The way a parent
looks at their child
when they say goodbye.
I haven't been able to eat.
I haven't been able to sleep.
All I wonder is if I said
my last goodbye to my daughter.
Cheryl. wait. Wait. um...
As a journalist. there are
legal limits to what I can do.
But speaking as...as a mom.
I would...
I would check out
her room again.
You would be shocked
to see what good evidence
just gets overlooked.
Girl. I'm coming.
I just forgot something.
What are you doing in here?
Is that my phone?
What DMs don't you want
the police to know. Annie?
I don't know what you're
talking about. Give me my phone!
Whatever you did to my daughter.
I'm gonna find out.
Annie is
clearly hiding something.
We have to find those DMs
that she doesn't want the cops
to see.
I might have an idea.
But...I don't think
you're going to like it.
They're like amateur detectives
who gather online
to solve crimes.
Marley.
I don't think it's a good idea
for you to be talking
to strangers.
But this may be
our only chance of finding out
what happened to Lauren.
Look. they said this one girl.
um. Bella Holmes. 2008.
is a tech whiz.
Mom. she may be able
to help us find those DMs.
Let's ask them.
Um. okay.
I have to admit.
I wasn't expecting
a 16-year-old tech quiz.
I know what you're thinking.
but I've helped solve seven
different cases on Netsleuths.
You mentioned
that you might be able to hack
into Lauren's
social media accounts?
Hopefully. but you say you don't
have any physical access
to her devices. right?
-No.
-Mm-mm.
Lauren took them with her.
and her phone's shut off.
I can't remotely access a device
that's been turned off.
so we guess. Most passwords
follow a simple format--
a word or phrase.
first letter capitalized.
a 2- or 3-digit number
at the end.
First. you should make a list of
all of Lauren's favorite things.
Hey. guys.
it's your girl. Lauren.
And today. I'm naming
my top five favorite hairstyles.
Her favorite movies.
Her favorite number was eight.
Then you should check
if there are any likely pairs
between the phrases
and numbers.
This is where it sort of
becomes a gut instinct.
What does Lauren
really care about?
I mean. there could be
a thousand different
combinations for that.
Yeah. I mean.
her favorite color is yellow.
I mean. it could take weeks
to write everything down.
It could be thousands of 'em.
Except we only get
three guesses.
Three?
Marley's right.
Most social media sites
lock you out for 24 hours
after three wrong guesses.
and you could get permanently
locked out after that.
-Okay.
Damn. Try the next one.
Should we do her favorite color?
-O-Okay.
-Okay.
I'll try it.
Damn.
-Hey.
-You said it first.
One last left.
Okay. go for it.
What?
Bella said we should
go with our instinct.
and I just...
I feel like this one isn't it.
Hold on.
Ooh. you and dad only liked
Sweet Rose
because they had that gross
pickle-flavored ice cream.
What was it called?
Number 23. The Big Dill.
Oh. my God. It worked!
Worked.
Mom. these must have been
the DMs
that Annie was trying to hide.
"Nobody wants you here"?
"I wish you were dead"?
Mom.
Will you print--print
this conversation. please?
Well. it's not
in my jurisdiction.
so. you know.
my hands are tied.
Detective.
Detective?
Oh. Ms. Baker.
You need to question
Annie Dolan.
Who?
Lauren?
My daughter's roommate.
Oh. yeah. we did.
We took her statement.
Like I said before.
no evidence of foul play.
Well. Annie has been
cyberbullying my daughter
for months.
including messages
with direct physical threat.
How'd you get these?
We gained access to her account.
I need someone to take
my daughter's case seriously.
Detective.
I need you to do more.
Those look familiar to you?
The coincidence I'm finding
is that you spent months
cyberbullying Lauren.
and then she disappeared.
I had nothing to do
with Lauren disappearing.
I-I wasn't even here
that weekend.
Look. I swear on my life.
I swear on everything.
I-I don't know
what happened to Lauren.
-Elisa. hi.
-Hey.
Um. So I spoke with BVPD.
and I wanted to make sure
that you heard
as soon as possible.
Detective Dean--
he re-interviewed Annie.
and her alibi checks out.
She was at some
fancy ski resort.
She wasn't even in the state
at the time
of Lauren's disappearance.
What about the manager--Eddie?
Mr. Brick?
He. uh. apparently spent
the night in a drunk tank.
He got handsy at a strip club.
Bouncer roughed him up.
So that explains the black eye.
He is a sleazeball. and he
should definitely be fired.
But. you know.
it's highly unlikely
that he or Annie were involved
in Lauren's disappearance.
So I'm back to the beginning
and nowhere closer
to finding where my daughter is.
I really am sorry. Mrs. Baker.
I wish I had better news.
Thank you.
-Lauren!
Lauren!
Lauren?!
Cheryl...
it is getting awfully late.
I think we have to
call it for the night.
Susan. thank you for coming.
Okay? You can go home.
No. no. no. No way.
Hey. you haven't slept
in almost two weeks.
-Just call it for tonight.
-I can't.
I can't. My daughter
told me she was depressed.
and I was too afraid to listen.
-What if she came out here to--
-Hey.
If you feel it in your gut.
Lauren is still out there.
Just stop for the night.
Susan...
please go home.
-Go home.
-Okay.
Lauren!
Lauren?!
-Lauren!
-Lauren?
Lauren!
Annie?
Annie? Annie!
Leave me alone!
Annie. I just
want to talk to you!
Annie...
I just need a minute.
Please.
Annie--
I'm not supposed to speak
to you. I'll call the cops.
I believe you weren't involved
in Lauren's disappearance.
Then why are you following me?
I just want to understand what
was going on with my daughter.
Can we just
take one minute to talk?
After the first few months.
Lauren got
really moody and quiet.
She was always in our room.
buried in her phone or computer.
And I take it
that was a problem for you?
Yeah. It got so annoying
'cause I couldn't have
any friends over or guys
'cause she was just like this
gloomy cloud. constantly there.
I mean. looking back.
it should have been obvious
that she was just
super depressed.
I missed it. too.
I'm so sorry. Mrs. Baker.
I know you probably
can't forgive me. but...
I really do hope
that Lauren is okay.
You're right.
I can't forgive you for
the way you treated my daughter.
but maybe now you can help us.
How?
Maybe there's
something you didn't think of
that's actually useful.
I mean. is there anyone
that you think Lauren could have
gone out to meet that night?
Well. she really
didn't have any friends.
What about...
a professor or a crush?
Well. there was this one guy.
Who? Was he a student?
No. no. I think Lauren met him
on a dating site or something.
Crap.
What was his name? Brian?
Ian. That was it.
Ian.
Marley!
Mom. Finally. you're back.
-We found an Ian.
-Already?
The Sleuths found this guy
who'd been commenting
on all of Lauren's picks on this
dating site called Yearning.
until his account
mysteriously deactivated
the day
after Lauren disappeared.
Look.
Have you and the Sleuths
found anything else
on Ian Turner?
-Not yet.
The main problem is that his
IP address is based in Latvia.
Latvia?
That's thousands of miles away.
That can't be the right person.
He's probably using a VPN
to cover his real location.
He could actually
just be down the street.
Well. that's sus.
Are there any private messages
on the site?
Yes. but try logging in
with Lauren's IG password.
You'd be surprised
how many people
use the same one for everything.
Total hacker bait.
Okay.
Got it.
Um...
-No sign of Ian.
-No.
But if he deactivated
his account.
his messages
would have erased. right?
Right. but there's a trick.
Try downloading
Lauren's account data.
Even deleted messages
should appear in the archive.
There it is.
"I feel so lonely here.
You're the only one
who understands me"?
Looks like Ian was supposed
to pick up Lauren at Crowley.
That's right behind
the woods in Canning.
So that means
that she didleave on her own.
Yeah. but it looks like she
wasn't supposed to be staying.
-It says a few days.
-Right.
But that still doesn't explain
why her phone is turned off.
Or the fact that her debit card
hasn't been used
in almost two weeks.
Exactly.
-We can find this guy. Mom.
-Yeah.
It's just like you said.
If we find Ian...
We find Lauren.
Imagine being Jessica's mom.
How frustrated would you be?
I mean. in my opinion.
I feel like we're seeing this
way too often...
I reverse-searched
the logo on his shirt.
It's from Record Outlet.
a town over.
Is that how you found out where
Ian worked?
Obviously...
Sort of. They don't sell
the shirt online.
so I figured
he has to be an employee.
But don't think
it's happening. It's been--
Good job. Detective Marley.
Okay.
...Jessica.
but this is a cold case. and...
Excuse me.
I'm. uh. looking for an album
for my--my husband.
Teddy Pendergrass.
The "TP" album?
Well...
this is our R&B section.
We also have
another R&B section in the back.
Uh...
You look familiar.
What's your name?
Charlie.
Are you a student
at Canning College?
No. UT alum. actually.
Do you work at Canning?
My daughter is a student there.
Her name's Lauren.
Awesome.
Anyways. if you need anything.
you let me know.
Uh. Charlie. is it? Um...
Do you recognize
the name Ian Turner?
No. sorry.
Where'd you get this?
I think someone's using
your picture to. uh.
catfish some young women
on the Internet.
I had nothing to do with this.
I swear.
Do you know anybody
who would do this?
Do you remember anybody
taking your picture?
Has anybody been in here
that's been suspicious?
I don't know. I...I'm sorry.
If I could help you more.
I-I would.
But I will file a police report.
Elisa. you got the lead-in
for the mayoral debate for me?
Uh. yeah. almost.
Sorry. I'm just--
I'm running a little bit behind.
-What is that?
Missing Persons Database?
Is this about
the Baker girl again?
I think
there's a story here. Russ.
No. One girl went missing
in a whole town of problems.
and there are no viable leads.
Elisa. move on.
But it is not just one girl.
Russ. Russ. look at this.
Look at this.
Half a dozen
Black and Brown women
between the ages of 18 and 30--
they've gone missing in
this area in the last two years.
Half a dozen.
So...what. do you think
we have a serial killer?
Yes.
and/or multiple systemic issues
that are failing these women--
these women--
these women of color.
And with the cops.
they--they obviously don't
take these cases seriously.
Look. Elisa.
I know how much you care about
this case. but I don't have to
remind you how much national
is focused on Jessica Russo.
But if we spoke to national
and we told them--
You don't think I've tried?
Dozens of newsworthy stories
cross my desk each week--
stories like this one
that deserve attention.
But you know news isn't news
anymore. It's ratings.
And the public goes nuts
for a pretty little blonde girl
like Jessica. I'm sorry.
And no one cares
about a missing Black girl.
Elisa.
We were just coming to see you.
-Now is not a good time. I'm--
-No. but we found out who Lauren
went to see
the night she disappeared.
Then you should go
to the police. Okay?
We already called
Detective Dean.
and we got his voicemail again.
Elisa. we need your help.
I thought
you understood as a mom.
You are not the only people
in Blue Valley who need help.
All right?
Listen. I...I understand
that the authorities--
they are not moving as quickly
as you would like. but please.
Be patient.
If you guys go rogue. you could
jeopardize
the entire investigation.
What investigation?
I'm really sorry
that I couldn't help more.
We are not
going to listen to her.
No.
My uncle's on the force.
Cops don't ever think
they'll find that Baker girl.
Shut up. Josh.
Make me.
Oh! Aah!
Yo. what the hell?!
-Aah!
-Are you okay?
No. I'm not okay!
Oh. my eyes.
You can't let
your emotions control you.
God. you are
so obsessed with being polite
and perfect all the time.
That's why
you ignore glaring realities
like Lauren was depressed
for months. Mom.
-That's not fair--
-Excuse me.
Sorry.
Am I interrupting family hour?
Well. we have good news on Josh.
Apparently. the liquid
that Marley threw in his face
is nothing more
than sodium chloride.
which is
another word for salt water.
Nurse says Josh
is going to be just fine.
I'm glad he's going to be okay.
Marley is truly sorry.
and I can assure you
this will not happen again.
Yes. well.
I guess a 2-week suspension
will help that message sink in.
Two weeks? For spraying him
with salt water?
Marley. what you did technically
counts as an assault. Okay?
You're lucky the parents
aren't pressing charges.
Fine.
A 2-week suspension is going to
go on her record permanently.
You don't think
that's a little harsh.
considering the--
the circumstances?
Cheryl. I'm sorry.
but I can't make exceptions
for a kid just 'cause
they're having troubles at home.
Well. you didn't mind
making exceptions
when I reported Josh's behavior.
That was
a different circumstance.
Why? Because he's white.
and my daughter is Black?
Cheryl. I can assure you. okay.
I make all of
my disciplinary decisions
on a strictly colorblind basis.
Okay. all right. all right.
all right. all right.
What about--what about
if we--if we made it
a detention instead?
Then we give her a week.
That way.
Marley still learns her lesson.
and--and nothing goes
on her permanent record.
We could do that.
-Thank you.
-Okay.
I'm so glad your dad
let you come over.
I cannot find another profile
with Ian Turner.
I swear. I have carpal tunnel
from swiping.
Swipe no more.
I created a bot
that'll trawl your name.
If Ian's using a different
profile. this will find him.
Whoa. Girl. it is so cool
that you know
how to do all this stuff.
Yeah. well. I was a loser
in residence in my school.
It's not like I'm busy
getting invited
to football games or keggers.
Hey.
wanna see something funny?
The BVH football team?
Drumroll. please.
Oh. my God.
-You hacked our school website?
-"Hacked" is such a strong word.
I just took
a few lines of code.
Aw. I kind of like
baby body Josh.
Wait. I think I found him.
Ian Turner?
Well. on this profile.
he goes by Robert Gregory.
but it's the same photo.
same location.
Holy shit. Bella.
that has to be the catfish.
But what do we do?
I can't make my own account.
He'll recognize my name.
No. you got
to create a fake profile.
Something this creep
will be into.
Someone like Lauren.
"Black and Missing Foundation."
Yes.
I'd like to speak to...Loretta.
Oh. my God.
Cheryl.
Loretta.
Give me a hug. Oh. Mm.
Thank you for coming so quickly.
Oh. I'm not far. and besides.
that's
Black and Missing's motto--
"Help Us Find Us."
I'm so sorry your family's
going through this.
How have you been holding up?
Just...barely.
If I didn't have Marley
to take care of.
I don't know
what else I would do.
Oh. that's why I'm here.
So. have you thought about
doing any community events.
like maybe a candlelight vigil?
I mean. we're new in town.
I mean. I don't know
how much of a community
there is that would show up.
I mean.
when Lauren went missing.
I just hoped that there'd be
detectives combing the streets
and her picture would be
on every news channel.
But now I know what the world
thinks of my daughter.
She's just another statistic.
That's a lot of heaviness
you're holding in.
You got anybody you can
talk to about these feelings?
It used to be my husband.
but now I don't want to
burden people with my problems.
What about a professional?
You mean...a shrink?
Trauma like your family's
been through. it cuts deep.
If you broke your leg. you would
go see a doctor. right?
Yeah. but I respect that
therapy works for other people.
but that's not how
I handle my problems.
I hear you. You know.
my mother used to say.
"All you need is prayer
and some gumption."
Keep your head down low
and push through your pain.
But. you know.
times have changed.
It is not a sign of weakness
to admit that you need help.
That takes strength.
especially from folks like us.
I don't know.
Sitting in a chair
whining about my feelings is not
going to bring my daughter home.
Cheryl. this fight is
going to stretch and pull you
to your limit.
You got to take care
of yourself. too.
You won't do
your daughter any good
if you're
broken up into pieces.
"Where...do...you...live?"
Come on.
Say something.
Why isn't he answering?
Hey. honey.
I brought your favorite cookies.
-You're supposed to knock. Mom.
-What are you doing?
-Nothing. Just homework.
-Then just show me.
Mom. it's literally nothing.
Marley.
show me what you're doing.
-It's just homework.
-Well. I want to see it.
Show it to me.
That's...Ian.
I-I mean. Charlie.
How long have you been
messaging him?
It's only been a few days.
It was going well until...
I don't know.
I asked him where he lived.
and he stopped responding.
I told you to stand down.
Are you kidding?
This could hurt your sister.
Marley. why don't you listen?
-Anything could happen now!
-I was just trying to help.
You're not helping.
That's not helping!
Mom?
Marley.
Hi.
Mom...
I'll never forgive myself if--
if I got Lauren...
-You didn't.
-You said...
You said--You said I did.
I was angry.
And I'm scared.
I'm so sorry I said those things
to Principal Shepherd about you.
I never meant any of them.
-Yeah. you did.
-No. I don't think that. though.
Yeah. you do.
I get it.
When I was your age.
I had to fight for everything.
And I thought
the only way I could do it
is by being...perfect.
And I know--I know I'm hard
on you and your sister. but...
It's just because
I see so much potential in you.
So I'm sorry.
You don't have to be sorry. Mom.
I so appreciate you guys
coming out and supporting.
I thought more people
would come.
It's still early.
So what's
with the police presence?
Oh. pay them no mind.
If they were doing their jobs.
we wouldn't have to be here.
-Right?
-Right.
-Yeah.
And here we are.
When the road is long...
- Look.
- ...standing strong.
When we walk together...
- ...we hold on together.
When we fight together...
...we keep standing strong.
We keep standing strong.
We keep standing strong!
When the night is dark...
...we will shine our light!
When the road is long...
-...we will keep stepping on!
-...we will keep stepping on.
-We need you. Lord!
-When the road is long...
-...we will keep stepping on.
-When the night is dark...
-...we will shine our light.
-We will keep standing strong!
Mrs. Baker?
I'm Pastor Lewis Cartwell.
Hi.
We heard about this
from social media.
and this congregation
drove in from Oklahoma
just to support you.
You all came all the way from
there for us?
The youth group
even made posters.
Bless you. Pastor.
You're not alone.
Are you ready. Miss Marley?
Hi. everybody. Um...
Hi. everybody.
My name is Marley Baker.
Lauren Baker's my sister.
My big sister. actually.
She is two years. eight months
and 20 days older than me.
which she always reminded me.
Lauren is so sweet.
She cried at the end of every
Christmas movie...
even the funny ones.
She loved ranch.
but she hated mayonnaise.
And Lauryn Hill
was her one true queen.
My big sister is
the most caring. sweet.
creative.
beautiful girl that I know.
And. um...
I just thought
that I would let you all know
a little bit about her. too.
Thank you.
I'm Lauren's mom.
My daughter
has been missing for 16 days.
And ever since...
I've been living
every parent's nightmare.
We didn't feel heard.
We didn't feel seen...
...until now.
And I want to thank
every single one of you here.
And I just want to say that...
I miss my baby.
None of this
would have been possible
without the Black and Missing
Foundation.
I would like to introduce you
to Ms. Loretta Nix.
Hello. everyone.
My name is Loretta.
And we're going to do a little
call and response. okay?
And we gonna make sure
that this whole nation
hears our voices.
All I need y'all to say is.
"Do more."
We can...
Do more.
We will...
- We must...
- Do more.
They can...
Do more.
- They will...
- Do more.
They must...
Do more.
-Do more.
-Do more!
Mom!
I'm coming.
The station finally agreed
to run our story.
Our coverage continues
with breaking news
about a missing girl.
-It's on.
-I can't believe it's happening.
-I know.
The search is over.
Jessica Russo
has been found alive.
Wait. what?
What about Lauren?
It is the outcome.
of course. everyone hoped for.
However. there is now
a shocking new twist.
Authorities now believe Jessica
may have been
a voluntary runaway.
She just ran away.
I promise you. Cheryl.
I-I fought my ass off
to give Lauren the coverage
that she deserves. but...
you know. then the pretty little
blonde girl was found. so...
Oh. my God.
Can you believe that no one
thought to consider
that frickin' Jessica Russo
might be a runaway?
I'm not surprised.
Cheryl. I can only imagine
what you're feeling right now.
but I beg you.
don't do anything reckless.
Like. trying to find Ian Turner
can be really dangerous. okay?
Tell me somethin'.
What would you do
if that was yourchild?
I. um...
How should I respond to Ian?
Tell him you want
to set up a date.
-Really?
-Yes.
-For when?
-Today. in a public place.
And I'll stake out the location.
-I'll come as backup.
-No!
No. I already have
one daughter in jeopardy.
Promise me you will not
leave this house. Promise me.
I promise.
It's time we finally figure out
who this catfish really is.
Are you sure this is the place?
Yeah. He said he'd pick
"Kiyanah" up
for a date right here.
There's nothing out here.
He must have known that.
Easier to hide his trail?
Yep. that's what I'm thinkin'.
I mean. I do see a truck.
I mean. that's gotta be him.
It's a red truck.
Let me give you
the license plate.
DE7-C541.
NetSleuth94 says
that this plate was registered
as stolen.
and it belongs to a sedan.
Not a truck?
-No.
-Okay. but it must be him.
I'm going to try
and get a picture of him.
Damn it! He just left.
Okay. I'm going.
No. Mom. Are you following him?
-Call the cops.
-That wasn't a part of the plan.
Call the cops.
Mom. Mom! Mom!
Blue Valley Police Department.
Detective Dean. please.
It's urgent.
Did the phishing link work?
Yes. he clicked it.
Now we should be able
to access his real IP address
and his location.
Lauren.
Lauren. baby. it's Mom.
Oh. Lauren.
Come on. baby.
I got you.
Lauren. run!
Aah! Get off of me!
Help!
Aah!
Hi. You've reached Cheryl.
I can't come to the--
Uhh!
Lauren.
Baby.
Lauren. Come on. baby.
Oh. gosh.
Put your hands up!
You're under arrest for
the abduction of Lauren Baker!
Get on your knees!
Put your hands behind your back.
It's okay.
Take him upstairs.
Lauren. you all right?
You okay? Let's get you guys
inside. okay?
Ow.
We are deeply relieved to have
Lauren back home.
Is that right?
Mom. you got this. okay?
You've been prepping all week.
Seriously. you've studied harder
than Peanut before a big exam.
Baby. if you don't want me
to do this interview
and you're not ready.
I don't have to.
It's okay.
Talked to my therapist about it.
I want people
to know what happened.
I am so proud
of the young woman you are.
And you. too.
I love my girls.
We love you. too.
Thank you for joining us today.
We have a special guest.
Her name is Cheryl Baker.
She is the mother
of Lauren Baker.
a young girl
who was recently abducted.
You've since learned
that your daughter
was not an isolated incident.
In fact. your efforts
thwarted a serial predator?
-That's correct. Mary.
-Mm-hmm.
The police now believe
that Lauren's abductor
may have been responsible
for the disappearance of
six other young women
in our area.
So why do you feel like Lauren
was the one that got out alive?
Lauren comes
from a family of means.
Mm-hmm.
The other victims
were poor Black
and Brown women
on the margin of society.
I mean. he didn't pick
those women by accident.
Hey. Russ.
Russ. check it out.
But he made a big mistake
underestimating
how far we would go
to get Lauren's back.
- Is that. uh...
- Yeah. he sure did.
-Yeah.
-Well. Cheryl. tell me this.
Now that Lauren's abductor
is facing a life in prison.
do you feel like
you and your family
are finally getting justice?
-Justice?
-Mm-hmm.
Mary. I assume
you're familiar
with JonBenét Ramsey.
Natalee Holloway.
Gabby Petito.
Of course.
What about Relisha Rudd?
Uh...no.
Unfortunately. I don't know.
Relisha Rudd was
a little Black girl
who went missing in D.C.
March 1. 2014.
-She's still missing.
-Hmm.
And there's so many more...
like Allyssa Jennings.
College Station. Texas.
last seen May 30. 2022.
Nia Glenn-Lopez.
Memphis. Tennessee.
last seen October 1. 2016.
Still missing.
Mya Barnes. Washington. D.C..
last seen May 18. 2017.
Keir Johnson.
Hampton. Virginia.
last seen April 30. 2017.
Still missing.
Jaya Allen. Tulsa. Oklahoma.
last seen July 15. 2021.
Still missing.
Starletta Henderson.
Shreveport. Louisiana.
last seen November 28. 2012.
Still...missing.